Update audit-log.md (#2984)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/manage-access/audit-log.md

:::note

> Audit logs are currently not supported for single-tenant customers hosted on Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer: @will-sargent-dbtlabs thank you for submitting this change! One minor suggestion. Can we make the sentence active and link to ST definition?

```suggestion
Single-tenant deployment environments hosted on Microsoft Azure do not currently support audit logs. For more information, refer to [Single tenant](/docs/deploy/single-tenant).
```

Author: Sounds great @runleonarun ! Thanks
